Alright, we're going to go through and
complete the assignment and the
assignment was to refactor the project
to leverage project Lombok. And the
reason we want to do this is we want to
start getting rid of that boilerplate
code that we need to write and use
Lombok. And we're going to be using
Lombok going forward in the course. Okay
the first class that I have up is our
bootstrap class and I am going to use
the logger on it. So we want to use
Slf4j and bringing in the Lombok
annotation there, and this is going to
inject a logger and just as a reminder, Slf4j is the logging facade. That is
going to give us access to the default
Spring Boot logger which is the Logback.
And going forward in the course we will
show you how to do more configuration on
the logger. I'm just going to say loading
bootstrap data. So we have a nice simple
log statement there. We want to do
the same thing on our controller. So come
in and bring in that same annotation.
I'll say getting index page here. So I
can see how simple that was. Next let's
take a look at Category. We already
factored that one. Difficulties in
enumeration, nothing to do there. Ingredient, so let's come in here and add
in @Data and now we can get rid of all
this ceremonial boilerplate code. Double
checking that we didn't modify any of that. So I'm going to go ahead and delete that and that looks
good to me. Come into notes and we can do the same
thing to notes.
And then we can get rid of some of this
ceremonial code here.
Just double-checking we didn't modify
anything in that. You can see how
quickly we are eliminating stuff here. So
we already annotated the
Recipe class with the @Data
annotation and then here, this is a nice
candidate. We can come in
and say refactor, and I'm going to come
down to Lombok and say default @Data
and boom, we took care of that. Let's
clean up that space and that is it. The
repositories are just interfaces and we
already did that and then that leaves
our Spring Boot application class. We
could in theory put a lock around that
but I don't see a real need to. And that
that completes the refactoring with the
class. So now our code is going to be a
lot cleaner. I had to change five classes there and make sure that
this is working for you. Make sure that
your IDE is working properly because what
you will see if it is not, when you start
going in to access the getters and
setters, your ]IDE will think that
they're not there because they're not in
the source code and that's where the IDE
is building its index of your code base.
The plugins for your IDE are going to
be providing you that. So if you do see a
problem there where your IDE is not
finding the getters and setters, you have
a problem with the plugin for the IDE. Don't use Eclipse but if it's
intelliJ, if you do encounter
something that's not working, try first
restarting it. If that does not take care
of it, and this is assuming that you have
the plugin installed, come up here and
this is an important tip for IntelliJ.
Just doing invalidate caches and restart. IntelliJ is pretty pretty good but every
now and then I need to do this and that
will like rebuild IntelliJ's indexes of
the projects. A quick tip there in
IntelliJ. I don't see it that often but if
something weird starts to happen that is
like the first thing I do. I go in and
invalidate the caches, restart it and see
if that clears up the problem. If something
weird and unexpected is happening that
is the normally solution for it then you can
move along.